## 0.1.4 - 2018-08-28

* Camilla still drops bag, but Death is back to dropping golden knife due to the fact that the same sprite used for the drop AND all dagger/knife usage by Simon

## 0.1.3 - 2018-08-28

* Boss drop sprites have been changed from golden knife and magic cross to be bags, like the ones inside orbs

## 0.1.2 - 2018-08-28

* git tagging issue, no updates

## 0.1.1 - 2018-08-26 

* Rolled back ferry man jovah warp quirk fix, as it caused issues where you couldn't cross Dead River to Brahm's, even with heart equipped

## 0.1.0 (alpha) - 2018-08-25

We are officially **alpha** boys!

* Fixed bug where bosses had randomized hp, which sometimes caused overflow values that gave Camilla extremely low HP
* Fixed regression with jovah warp where the ferry man would be present in Jovah after warp
* Safe guarding against sacred flame and secret merchants despawning by never using projectile enemies (fireballs, bones, or webs) in those screens

## 0.0.21 - 2018-08-24

### [Youtube video explaining 0.0.21 update](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI9WD07OFjM)

* Crystal sale icons update progressively, so you see white crystal as a sales icon from a merchant if you have no crystal, blue if you have white, and red if you have blue.
* With some ROM hacking, `$7F` in RAM can now be used as a unique identifier for any actor Simon is interacting with. The relevant values have been catalogued in the [README](https://github.com/BloodSweatAndCode/cv2r#code-locations-for-all-actors-that-can-hold-items).
* SRAM usage has been documented in the [README](https://github.com/BloodSweatAndCode/cv2r#sram-usage).
* Actors will present "refuse text" if you've already acquired an item from them. It will currently say "NICE TRY SIMON". Additionally, merchants will have their sale icon replaced with an "X" and the sale price will become "9999" to prevent any confusion on attempting to repurchase an already acquired whip/crystal.

## 0.0.20 - 2019-08-17

* Fixed bug with prices being too high (#54)
* Updated `difficulty` settings to support cv2r.com
* Added travis-ci support, all PRs run through linting and tests
* Added code linting to enforce code style

## 0.0.19 - 2019-08-14

* All references and files named `cv2-rando` or `cv2rando` have been changed to `cv2r`, including the repo name. I have saved the `cv2rando` binary for now, but it will be removed in 0.1.0.
* Made `npm test` work on Windows in a [cmder](https://cmder.net/) prompt. Still doesn't work in default Windows command line.

## 0.0.18 - 2019-08-12

* Don't output spoiler csv file when `--json` is used
* update `package.json` to use the bin name `cv2rando`

## 0.0.17 - 2019-08-11

* Fixed title screen bug
* Added ability to have the `cv2rando` process dump the generated rom patch to stdout. This is used by the [cv2r.com](http://cv2r.com) website, but can also be used by anyone who wants access to the patch file generated by the `cv2rando` process.

## 0.0.16 - 2019-08-06

* cv2-rando is now fully patch-driven, including what was internal code like itemizer, enemizer, shared assembly subroutines like clear-objects, etc...
* Added `-d, --difficulty` option for making reasonable groups of patches based on difficulty. For now the options are `easy`, `standard`, and `hard`. `standard` is the default setting.
* Added `-p, --palette` option to allow explicitly picking palettes. Palettes are structured and behave like any other patch but have their own folder at `lib/palette` to keep them all together. By default the palette will be the original Simon's Quest palette.
* Cleaner `--debug` output

## 0.0.15 - 2019-07-27

* Added crc32 sum of the seed to the title screen
* Moved jovah warp, inventory deselect, and SRAM clearing out of itemizer and into core code

## 0.0.14 - 2019-07-27

* Automated testing added
* ROMs are now generated to the `roms` folder by default, not the `tmp` folder

## 0.0.13 - 2019-07-25

* Allow deselecting quest items by pressing B button in inventory